test ins (#2)
kapi-no/sdk-nrf: identification.txt

> If you test with the development kit, locate the Button 4 and press it shortly.
> Observe that LED 4 blinks at a 0.5 second interval to indicate that the identification mode is active.
> 
> If you test with the Thingy platform, locate the only button on the device and long press it until you hear two short beeps (3s < press time < 5s).
> Observe that RGB LED uses yellow color in its blink sequence to indicate that the identification mode is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are testing with the development kit, briefly press Button 4. 
You should see LED 4 blink every 0.5 seconds, indicating that identification mode is active.

If you are testing with the Thingy platform, press and hold the only button until you hear two short beeps (between 3 and 5 seconds). 
You should see the RGB LED blinking yellow, indicating that identification mode is active.
```

Author: thanks, looks much better :)
